Ching Si Min
siminching59@gmail.com
Education:
Chong Hwa Independent High School
Unified Education Certificate Graduated (2010)
Sijil Pelajaran Malaysia Graduated (2009)
Junior Unified Education Certificate Graduated (2007)
Peperiksaan Menengah Rendah Graduated (2007)
YTL- International College of Hotel Management
Diploma in Hotel Management

Lateral Service
The Majestic Kuala Lumpur Grand Opening Operation Team
BBKLCC event at Pavilion Crew
Position in DIP111& YTL-ICHM Head of Librarian
Class Position in DIP111 Operation Manager
Education Fair at KLCC Operation Team
Open Day Receptionist
Open Day Operation Team
White Box at Publika
-F&B Wedding dinner (988 DJ wedding)

Training as a trainee
Tanjong Jara Resort
-F&B (Di Atas Sungei Restaurant and Nelayan Restaurant)
-Housekeeping (Laundry, Public Area, Runner, Room Attendant,
Dispatcher, Team Leader)
The College Café@Starhill Gallery
-In charge of guest dining experience
-In charge of bill
The Ritz- Carlton, KL
-Butler Department
-Front Office (Concierge, GSA)
-F&B (Cesar Restaurant- Dining Butler, In Room
Dining- Server)

Summary of Qualifications:
● 5 years experience in housekeeping field.
● Knowledge of proper use and storage of cleaning chemicals.
● Computer software knowledge to include Word and Access.
● Highly developed interpersonal skills.
● Language: English, Chinese, Malay

Skills:
● Problem solving skills.
● Good interpersonal and customer service skills
● Function well in high stress atmosphere.
● Ability to lead, guide and motivate people at all levels.
● Strong written and verbal communications skills.



Professional Experience:
Tanjong Jara Resort
2013 till 2015
Assistant Housekeeping Manager
● Ensured all team members follow hotel policies and procedures.
● Attended management meetings.
● Developed teams and its members.
● Handle all responsibilities in the absence of Housekeeping Manager.
● Managed 36 employees.
● Deal with the supplier of the purchasing items for housekeeping.
● Provided training to new employees and trainees.
● Communicated effectively with all hotel departments for all guests.
● Monthly inventory with account department.
Gaya Island Resort
2013/ 2015- 2 months secondment
Housekeeping supervisor
● Responsible to maintain the housekeeping daily activities.
● Maintained list of vacancy rooms ready to clean.
● Ensured clean uniforms and maintain positive working relationships to the guests.
● Ensured standards of guest rooms.
● Solved guest problems to exceed customer expectations.


Galaxy Macau

2015 till 2017

EVS& Housekeeping Supervisor (Pre- opening team)

● Pre opening for JW Marriott and The Ritz-Calton Macau
● Ensured all team members follow hotel policies and procedures.
● Attended management meetings.
● Developed teams and its members.
● Managed 1000 employees.
● Deal with the retailers and restaurants for the cleaning service.
● Provided training to new employees and trainees.
● Communicated effectively with all hotel departments for all guests.
● Responsible to maintain the public area daily activities.
● Ensured clean uniforms and maintain positive working relationships to the guests.
● Ensured standards of public area.
● Solved guest problems to exceed customer expectations.

HostE Solutions -Fully licensed recruitment agency

2017- 2019

Search Specialist



Grand Park Orchard

2019- 2021

Senior Housekeeping Supervisor

● Ensured all team members follow hotel policies and procedures.
• Provided training to new employees and trainees.
• Communicated effectively with all hotel departments for all guests.
• Monthly inventory with account
• Responsible to maintain the housekeeping daily activities.
• Maintained list of vacancy rooms ready to clean.
• Ensured clean uniforms and maintain positive working relationships to the guests.
• Ensured standards of guest rooms.
• Solved guest problems to exceed customer expectations.

FarEast Hospitality

2021- 2023

Assistant Housekeeper

The Swim Corner

Admin/ Client relations assistant (part time)

2023- present

Panache hotel Group

Hotel Virtual Reservations

2024- Present

REFERENCES – Available on request.