PROFILE
A freelance virtual
assistant who is proficient
in handling administrative
projects, including but not
limited to: executive
assistant role, customer
service & sales support,
data entry, and social
media management. Can
work one-on-one with
small businesses to provide
flexible and affordable
administrative support.
CONTACT ME
639120849097
tinneyolmedo@gmail.com
Mandaue City, Cebu
Philippines, 6014
EXPERIENCE
CHRISTINE MARIEOLMEDO
CSR & Sales Support | VA | SMM |
Executive Assistant
CHASE BANK FRAUD DEPARTMENT 2014-2015
I am responsible for detecting and preventing fraudulent activities related to its
customers' accounts and transactions. My primary goal is to safeguard the bank's
clients from unauthorized access, identity theft, and fraudulent transactions,
providing a secure banking environment for customers.
AMAZON CUSTOMER SUPPORT 2015-2016
My primary responsibility will be to address customer inquiries, resolve issues, and
provide support across various channels, such as phone, email, chat, and social
media. I serve as the frontline representative, ensuring customers have a positive
experience while interacting with Amazon's services and products.
SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER 2015-2016
I am responsible for developing and executing social media strategies to enhance a
brand's online presence, engage with the target audience, and achieve marketing
objectives. Key responsibilities include creating content, maintaining a content
calendar, managing communities, planning paid advertising campaigns, using
analytics and reporting tools, collaborating with influencers and brand advocates,
monitoring trends, cross-functional collaboration, establishing and enforcing social
media guidelines, handling crises, and staying updated on the latest trends. A
successful Social Media Manager should be creative, data-driven, and possess
excellent communication skills. They must have a deep understanding of various
platforms and audiences and adapt strategies to fit their unique needs. By executing
effective social media strategies, the Social Media Manager significantly contributes
to a brand's online visibility, engagement, and overall marketing success.
EDUCATION
MISAMIS UNIVERSITY
Bachelor of Science in
Social Work Management
EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT & CSR SUPPORT
2016-PRESENT
As an Executive Assistant, I manage the executive's calendar, communication, travel
arrangements, meeting support, document management, gatekeeping, expense
management, project coordination, relationship building, and confidentiality. I
ensure efficient use of time, manage files, manage expenses, and maintain a
professional demeanor. They also assist in project coordination, maintain positive
relationships with stakeholders, and handle sensitive matters with discretion and
professionalism.
Also, as a Customer support & sales representative, my interaction involves handling
inquiries, complaints requests professionally and even sales. Issue resolution
involves providing timely solutions, ensuring satisfaction, and addressing problems
accurately. Product and service knowledge is essential for accurate order processing,
technical support, and knowledge base updates. Complaint handling involves
empathy, patience, and professionalism, while customer feedback contributes to
service improvement and product development. Process improvement involves
collaborating with internal teams and ensuring adherence to company policies and
procedures.
SERVICES I CAN DO FOR YOU:
Executive Assistant Support
Administrative Support
Data Entry and Management
Social Media Management
Customer Support
Content Creation
Research Assistance
Creating and formatting documents
Project Management
E-commerce Support
Technical Support
Blog post writing
Article creation
Copywriting for marketing materials
Order processing
Inventory management
Customer communication for online
stores
Basic website maintenance
Troubleshooting technical issues
Providing assistance with software or
tools
Calendar management
Email organization and response
Appointment scheduling
Travel arrangements
WORK WITHME NOW!
Graphic Designs SAMPLE
Content Creation SAMPLE
Video Editing SAMPLE
Sales Page Creation SAMPLE
Logo Designs SAMPLES
Website Design SAMPLES
TOOLS I’M FAMILIAR WITH:
Trello
Asana
Google Drive
Dropbox
Slack
Microsoft Office
Toggle
Gmail
ActiveCampaign
ClickFunnels
Mailchimp
Zapier
Zooms
Zoho
Salesforce
And can quickly
learn to use new
tools.
SAMPLE OF MY WORK:
TESTIMONIALS FROM
MY CLIENTS
Testimonial 1
Testimonial 2
Testimonial 3
Freshdesk
Zendesk
Veracore
1Shopping Cart
Deposco
Shopify
Facebook
Instagram
Facebook Business
Suite
Posting related
content
Canva Pro
Imovie
Planoly
Inshot